the words of King Lemuel the utterance
the words of King Lemuel the utterance which his mother taught him what my son
which his mother taught him what my son
which his mother taught him what my son and what son of my womb and what son of
and what son of my womb and what son of
and what son of my womb and what son of my vows do not give your strength to
my vows do not give your strength to
my vows do not give your strength to women nor your ways to that which
women nor your ways to that which
women nor your ways to that which destroys Kings it is not for Kings Oh
destroys Kings it is not for Kings Oh
destroys Kings it is not for Kings Oh Lemuel it is not for Kings to drink wine
Lemuel it is not for Kings to drink wine
Lemuel it is not for Kings to drink wine nor for Prince's intoxicating drink lest
nor for Prince's intoxicating drink lest
nor for Prince's intoxicating drink lest they drink and forget the law and
they drink and forget the law and
they drink and forget the law and pervert the justice of all the afflicted
pervert the justice of all the afflicted
pervert the justice of all the afflicted give strong drink to him who is
give strong drink to him who is
give strong drink to him who is perishing and wine to those who are
perishing and wine to those who are
perishing and wine to those who are bitter of heart let him drink and forget
bitter of heart let him drink and forget
bitter of heart let him drink and forget his poverty and remember his misery
his poverty and remember his misery
his poverty and remember his misery no more open your mouth for the
no more open your mouth for the
no more open your mouth for the speechless in the cause of all who are
speechless in the cause of all who are
speechless in the cause of all who are appointed to die open your mouth
appointed to die open your mouth
appointed to die open your mouth judge righteously and plead the cause of
judge righteously and plead the cause of
judge righteously and plead the cause of the poor and needy
the poor and needy
the poor and needy [Music]
[Music]
[Music] who can find a virtuous wife for her
who can find a virtuous wife for her
who can find a virtuous wife for her worth is far above rubies the heart of
worth is far above rubies the heart of
worth is far above rubies the heart of her husband safely trusts her so he will
her husband safely trusts her so he will
her husband safely trusts her so he will have no lack of gain she does him good
have no lack of gain she does him good
have no lack of gain she does him good and not evil all the days of her life
and not evil all the days of her life
and not evil all the days of her life she seeks wool and flax and willingly
she seeks wool and flax and willingly
she seeks wool and flax and willingly works with her hands she is like the
works with her hands she is like the
works with her hands she is like the merchant ships she brings her food from
merchant ships she brings her food from
merchant ships she brings her food from afar she also rises while it is yet
afar she also rises while it is yet
afar she also rises while it is yet night and provides food for her
night and provides food for her
night and provides food for her household and a portion for her maid
household and a portion for her maid
household and a portion for her maid servants she considers a field and buys
servants she considers a field and buys
servants she considers a field and buys it from her profits she plants a
it from her profits she plants a
it from her profits she plants a vineyard
vineyard
vineyard she Gerdes herself with strength and
she Gerdes herself with strength and
she Gerdes herself with strength and strengthens her arms she perceives that
strengthens her arms she perceives that
strengthens her arms she perceives that her merchandise is good and her left
her merchandise is good and her left
her merchandise is good and her left does not go out by night
she stretches out her hands to the
she stretches out her hands to the distaff and her hand holds the spindle
distaff and her hand holds the spindle
distaff and her hand holds the spindle she extends her hand to the poor yes she
she extends her hand to the poor yes she
she extends her hand to the poor yes she reaches out her hands to the needy she
reaches out her hands to the needy she
reaches out her hands to the needy she is not afraid of snow for her household
is not afraid of snow for her household
is not afraid of snow for her household for all her household is clothed with
for all her household is clothed with
for all her household is clothed with scarlet she makes tapestry for herself
scarlet she makes tapestry for herself
scarlet she makes tapestry for herself her clothing is fine linen and purple
her clothing is fine linen and purple
her clothing is fine linen and purple her husband is known in the gates when
her husband is known in the gates when
her husband is known in the gates when he sits among the elders of the land she
he sits among the elders of the land she
he sits among the elders of the land she makes linen garments and sells them and
makes linen garments and sells them and
makes linen garments and sells them and supplies sashes for the merchants
supplies sashes for the merchants
supplies sashes for the merchants strength and honor are her clothing she
strength and honor are her clothing she
strength and honor are her clothing she shall rejoice in time to come she opens
shall rejoice in time to come she opens
shall rejoice in time to come she opens her mouth with wisdom and on her tongue
her mouth with wisdom and on her tongue
her mouth with wisdom and on her tongue is the law of kindness
is the law of kindness
is the law of kindness she watches over the ways of her
she watches over the ways of her
she watches over the ways of her household and does not eat the bread of
household and does not eat the bread of
household and does not eat the bread of idleness her children rise up and call
idleness her children rise up and call
idleness her children rise up and call her blessed her husband also and he
her blessed her husband also and he
her blessed her husband also and he praises her many daughters have done
praises her many daughters have done
praises her many daughters have done well but you excel them all charm is
well but you excel them all charm is
well but you excel them all charm is deceitful and beauty is passing but a
deceitful and beauty is passing but a
deceitful and beauty is passing but a woman who fears the Lord she shall be
woman who fears the Lord she shall be
woman who fears the Lord she shall be praised give her of the fruit of her
praised give her of the fruit of her
praised give her of the fruit of her hands and let her own works praise her
hands and let her own works praise her
hands and let her own works praise her in the gates